Typo fix - update to Dataflow (Task Parallel Library) article (#35114)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/parallel-programming/dataflow-task-parallel-library.md

  
### Message Passing  

>  The dataflow programming model is related to the concept of *message passing*, where independent components of a program communicate with one another by sending messages. One way to propagate messages among application components is to call the <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.DataflowBlock.Post%2A> and <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.DataflowBlock.SendAsync%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> methods to send messages to target dataflow blocks (<xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.DataflowBlock.Post%2A> acts synchronously; <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.DataflowBlock.SendAsync%2A> acts asynchronously) and the <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.DataflowBlock.Receive%2A>, <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.DataflowBlock.ReceiveAsync%2A>, and <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.DataflowBlock.TryReceive%2A> methods to receive messages from source blocks. You can combine these methods with dataflow pipelines or networks by sending input data to the head node (a target block), and receiving output data from the terminal node of the pipeline or the terminal nodes of the network (one or more source blocks). You can also use the <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.DataflowBlock.Choose%2A> method to read from the first of the provided sources that has data available and perform action on that data.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The dataflow programming model is related to the concept of *message passing*, where independent components of a program communicate with one another by sending messages. One way to propagate messages among application components is to call the <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.DataflowBlock.Post%2A> (synchronous) and <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.DataflowBlock.SendAsync%2A> (asynchronous) methods to send messages to target dataflow blocks, and the <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.DataflowBlock.Receive%2A>, <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.DataflowBlock.ReceiveAsync%2A>, and <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.DataflowBlock.TryReceive%2A> methods to receive messages from source blocks. You can combine these methods with dataflow pipelines or networks by sending input data to the head node (a target block), and by receiving output data from the terminal node of the pipeline or the terminal nodes of the network (one or more source blocks). You can also use the <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.DataflowBlock.Choose%2A> method to read from the first of the provided sources that has data available and perform action on that data.  
```
